Clarification for ModelicaAllocateString(len) (#2307)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/functions.tex

ModelicaAllocateString & 
\begin{tabular}{@{}p{8.cm}@{}}
\emph{char* ModelicaAllocateString(size\_t len)} \\
Allocate memory for a Modelica string (i.e., \emph{len}+1 bytes)

> which is used as return argumentof an external Modelica function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is used as return argument of an external Modelica function.
```
